DOCSP-41588: Update Sync Settings page with UI changes (#811)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/configure/sync-settings.txt

Available Settings
------------------

.. _sync-config-data-source:

Cluster to Sync
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The name of the linked Atlas cluster :ref:`data source <data-sources>` where
you want to store your synced data.

You cannot modify this field while Device Sync is enabled. You must
:ref:`terminate Sync <pause-or-terminate-sync>` before you can select a
different cluster.

.. include:: /includes/note-flexible-sync-prerequisite.rst

.. _flexible-sync:

Sync Type
~~~~~~~~~

> .. important:: Sync Type Displays Only for Partition-Based Sync Apps

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to avoid "displays" and match the wording in the description.

```suggestion
.. important:: Sync Type is Only Available for Partition-Based Sync Apps
```

   The ability to select your app's Sync Type is only available for
   organizations with at least one existing :ref:`Partition-Based Sync
   <partition-based-sync>` app in their project.

   Partition-Based Sync has been deprecated and is disallowed for new Sync

>    configurations. Instead, all new Sync configurations automatically default to the recommended Flexible Sync mode.

Reviewer: Hmm. The setting is called Sync Type, but we usually use "sync mode" to talk about these two methods. It might be good to update our docs to use Sync Type. Could avoid conflating things with Development Mode. 😆 

For the purposes of this PR though, we could limit updating the wording to only what you've touched here.

Author: That's a good point. I wonder how often we're using "Sync Mode", but I am totally on board with your suggestion

:ref:`<synced-schema-overview>`.

.. important:: Disable Development Mode for Production Apps

>    Development mode is a development utility that is not suitable for

Reviewer: I know this already existed, but tiny edit for consistency. Thanks auto-formatting for making this catch my eye! 😆 
```suggestion
   Development Mode is a development utility that is not suitable for
```
